# Stock Price Alert LineBot

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Running the Bot](#running-the-bot)
  - [User Commands](#user-commands)
- [Acknowledgments](#Acknowledgments)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Stock Price Alert Bot is a Python-based chatbot that monitors stock prices from the PChome stock market website. It allows users to set alerts for specific stocks based on their criteria (e.g., stock code, comparison operator, and target price). When the conditions are met, the bot sends alerts with the current stock price and percentage change.

## Features

- Monitor stock prices in real-time.
- Set custom stock price alerts.
- Receive notifications when alerts are triggered.
- Provide real-time stock price and percentage change information.

## Requirements

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Python (>= 3.x)
- [Flask](https://pypi.org/project/Flask/)
- [Line Messaging API SDK](https://github.com/line/line-bot-sdk-python)
- [Beautiful Soup 4](https://pypi.org/project/beautifulsoup4/)
- [Requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/stock-price-alert-bot.git
   ```
Install the required Python packages:

## Usage
Configuration
Before using the Stock Price Alert Bot, you need to configure the following settings in app.py:

{channel_access_token}: Your Line Messaging API channel access token.
{channel_secret}: Your Line Messaging API channel secret.
{user_id}: The Line user ID to which the bot will send alerts.

## Running the Bot
1. Start your Flask application:
  ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
2. Expose your local server to the internet using ngrok. In your terminal, run:
  ```bash
   ngrok http 5000
   ```
  Copy the public URL generated by ngrok; you will use it as your webhook URL.

3. Set up your Line Messaging API webhook to point to the ngrok URL (e.g., https://your-ngrok-url.ngrok.io/callback).

## User Commands
Interact with the bot by sending it commands in the following format:

To set a price alert: <stock_code> <comparison_operator> <target_price> (e.g., 2330 > 350).
To set a price alert: <stock_code> <comparison_operator> <target_price> (e.g., 0050 < 200).

## Acknowledgments
For deploying the bot to a production environment, consider using a hosting service and follow best practices for securing your application.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
